1.1Project Overview
Victoria has been recognized as the fastest growing state in Australia, and the city dwellings are out powering the regional ones (Bracks & Mcnamara, 2018).1Paying heed to the fluctuating and stringent migration policies by the Australian Government, people are forced to consider regional areas as their option for residence (2018).2Studies have further revealed that there is approximately a 65% increase in property prices in Melbourne during the past 5 years, which is expected to experience a further upsurge, thus making thehousing affordability as one of the potential issues faced by individuals of Victoria (Yardney, 2018).3To address the above rising concerns, our solution aims to provide a “comprehensive web-driven platform” for existing residents/migrants planning to move to Regional Victoria, which would help them view and compare the best suburb, based on their preferences. Research states that regional cities such as Geelong, Bendigo and Ballarat are more liveable in comparison to the other areas of Victoria (Worrall, 2018).4Thus, our platform primarily focuses on the surrounding areas of these most rapidly growing and developing regional areas of Victoria i.e. Greater Bendigo area, Ballarat and Greater Geelong area.

1.2Target Audience, potential stakeholders and sponsors
For this project, we are aiming to primarily focus on families, currently residing or migrating to Victoria, and more specifically those who are now looking to move to suburbs located in Greater Geelong, Greater Bendigo and City of Ballarat.6Thus, the potential stakeholders for the project are the team members of Ivy Ferns, the target audience, studio mentors and industry mentors. The Department of Immigration and Border Protection, Victoria State Government and Local Councils of the targeted areas, have been identified as the potential sponsors for this project.
1.3 SolutionT
he current state of policies for migrants coming to Australia is set to change, and thus our target audience is searching for finding the most suitable suburb that meets their family’s needs. Therefore, we plan to help these migrants and the existing residents looking to move to Regional Victoria. The idea is to provide them with a ranked list of suburbs that would be dynamically updated based on the preferences of the user. Our solution further aims to provide the option to the users to compare the two suburbs that they are confused about to decide upon their most preferred choice. The information being accessed by the user is based on their own preferences, and thus the data accessed by them is secure and reliable as it is backed by the data provided by the Victorian Government.
